welcome to the princess OS this is
William from Wilton calm before you
start posting and writing content for a
newly created WordPress first thing
first is to decide on what team you'll
be using by default WordPress comes with
several teams like the twenty series
including the liters 2014 that comes
with WordPress version 3.0 all these are
very good and lightweight teams which
you could use but and there's a big part
that using a default team simply set to
common and when we use them out of a
crowd now one key reason why we press is
so popular is that it is very easy to
change this visual appeal simply by
changing his team there are tons of free
and very nice WordPress theme that you
could use or you can get a visually
stunning premium paid themes from team's
provider like with steam and plastics an
elegance team if you would
press Dora G and click on the themes tab
you can see that currently there are
more than 2000 Sauveur teams in his team
directory and the good news is there are
the teams here in these directories are
free in this example I will show you how
to upload 50 team the team used for
WordPress SOS com the team will be in
zip files in z IP file format in your
dashboard appearance and the teams click
add new click on upload and so
team fouls in this case
b-team dot zip which is already on my
desktop please install now and then a TV
yes you have to add
the team after installation LC was not
into effect so now if you go to the
WordPress site and refresh this now in
this new a debated team and that's how
you can change the layout and visual
appeal of your WordPress site simply by
uploading new teams